Grondar Ironhoof

Grondar hails from the **Ironhoof clan** of Rhino-folk who reside within the **ashen expanse**. His people have long survived the harshness of this place through their innate brute strength and hardiness. War is a much a part of his people's blood as anything and they crave the next battle with every morning. His people are taught to fight from the moment they can hold a weapon. With little to no reliance on magic, his people are resilient to the challenges of this dangerous landscape and find it to be the perfect place to show their true strength to the “lesser” races. While they know of the lands of Divinity and Mageocracy, they spend little time thinking of them as those that rely on magic cannot be trusted. While other clans do not share such a distaste for magic, the great-horned rhino folks do not allow it within their ranks. As is tradition in the rhino culture, their young must pass Rite of the Horn in order to become an adult and earn their place among the clans. They are given three choices for their test and they are: Test of might, defeat a rhino warrior in single unarmed combat. Test of legacy, find a weapon/armor worthy of your house to be a heirloom for your lineage. Test of spirit, become enlightened and speak with the beast lord of the rhino-folk. This is where our story begins...

From as early as he can remember, Grondar has been a fighter, as all within his clan are expected to be. His parents were in charge of breeding and raising the prize war hogs for his people to ride into battle upon. The hogs needed to be larger and stronger than your average boar since his people are large and heavy. These specialized warriors are known simply among his people as “Riders” and are responsible for much of the safety of their homes. The boars allow them to be more mobile than others and patrol much better than those on foot.  Having formed a special bond with these beasts, and one in particular that he had know since birth Boarax. Grondar was sure that when his test came he would easily pass the test of might. Since he would be attempting to join the illustrious ranks of the riders, he planned to challenge the rider captain himself, Malgrum. His parents were simple folk and warned him many times before his trial that he should stick to an easier challenge. As bull-headed as his folk tend to be, he could not be convinced otherwise.

When the time came for him to take his Rite of the Horn, Grondar boldly claimed who he would be challenging, and the combat was set for later that day. Grondar spent the day in the pens, alongside Boarax , daydreaming about them riding gloriously into battle. As dusk approached and his time drew near, he headed to the arena for his trial. He heard from among the crowd that every other youth that had challenged today had passed and this gave him even more confidence for his trial. He stepped into the arena and saw that things were not as he had expected. Every one of the clans riders had been gathered and were watching from the sidelines. His father had been asked to bring Boarax to the trial as well so that once he passed he could be officially bound to his mount.  His nerves began to rise and he tensed and he walked into the arena. Malgrum smiled a sick smile as he paced around the fighting arena. When the chieftain said to start, Malgrum charged without hesitation, Grondar held his footing and began to grapple with him immediately. Knowing that Malgrum was a fierce warrior, Grondar wanted to use the larger warriors momentum to bring him down quickly. What Grondar had not prepared for was just how much stronger his opponent was, he suddenly felt himself being lifted from his feet. Before he could even fully register what was happening he was flying across the arena. He landed in a heap with the breath taken from his lungs. He tried to stand and was immediately met with a pummel of fists to his back, pounding him back to the dirt. The crowd was cheering, but Grondar knew he was in trouble. Taking a swing back at Malgrum to make him back off, he was able to get back to his feet. Wiping the blood from his mouth, Grondar charged and attempted to spear Malgrum backward into the edge of the area. Malgrum easily sidestepped and returned a punch to the side of the head. Dizzy, Grondar staggered away and wondered in confusion if he could do this. He steadied himself and turned to face his opponent and waited for him to make the next move. Malgrum swaggered in, confident that this punk child would suffer for thinking he could challenge one such as him. They exchanged blows for what felt like and eternity to Grondar, but he was finally getting some blows in on his opponent. Suddenly, Malgrum clasped his arms and pulled him in tight, whispering in his ear “I'm going to kill you whelp, you will never join my ranks”, before hitting him with a savage uppercut that not him square to his back. Not knowing the meaning of surrender, as it is not taught among their people, Grondar began to attempt to rise again. Through his blood clouded eyes, he could see Boarax straining at his father's side, attempting to break free and aid him. Suddenly, Boarax was loose and running towards Malgrum to aid his friend. Grondar shouted and reached out praying that Boarax would stop, as he would be put to death for interfering. He felt a strange surge and a warm hand upon his shoulder as roots were summoned from the ground to entangle Boarax to stop his charge. The crowd went silent in a heartbeat and everyone stared at Grondar. In shock, he looked down at his own hand and the magic that had just surged from it. Riders surged forward and he was immediately bound and gagged, and dragged off to the prison cells. Whispers surged among the crowd, how could one of their own so brazenly cast magic within their own village? Grondar spent a long cold night alone in the cells, with no answers as to what would become of him. Questions surged through his mind. Where had that magic come from? Who had he felt behind him? What would become of Boarax? Would his clan execute him? What would his family do now?

The next morning, Grondar was brought before the chieftain within his own tent. There was no crowd, his family was not there, it was just the chieftain and him. The chief looked at him and asked if there was anything he wanted to say before judgment was passed. Grondar had no answers for the chief, in fact he had more questions than answers. The chief went on to explain that Grondar's only chance for redemption would be to bring word from the beast lord himself, for only those that were blessed by the beast lord were permitted to do magic among their kind. Until he bore the mark of the beast lord, he would not be welcome among them. He was to be henceforth banished from the clan, never to return unless he could produce such a sign. He was to be outfitted for the journey by his family, and that would be the last time he would be permitted to see them.

Grondar went to his family, and could see the sadness in their faces as they began to pack things for him. He was not given much, as they did not have much to give. Grondar went out to say his goodbye to Boarax and his father promised they would keep him waiting for his return. As Grondar was getting his pack settled, his father came out from the back room, carrying a bundle Grondar had never seen before. His father unwrapped the package and showed him a beautiful silver and gold plate armor. His father explained that long ago his great grandfather had undertaken the test of legacy and earned this armor to pass down the family line. Since he was old and no longer required to enter into battle with the clan, he had no use for it. Grondar marveled over the beauty of such an armor and vowed to himself that he would be worthy of it one day.

Grondar left his home, determined to find answers for all the questions that plagued his mind and to return to his friend that he loved so dearly it cost him his home. He figured the best place to look for a lord of beasts would be somewhere wild, and headed towards the fae wilds in hopes of finding answers. It was there that he would continue to develop his bond with nature and hopefully one day find the beast lord.
